# Udacity Deep Reinforcement Learning Engineer Nanodegree Course


This repository contains my project work for Udacity's Deep Reinforcement Learning Nanodegree Program.  To run the code in this repo, there is some package setup required.  Please go to the `setup.ipynb` notebook file and run the cells to get started.  The notebook relies on the `python` directory in this repo so please ensure this is present before running the notebook.

## Project #1 - Navigation using Deep Q-Networks (DQNs)

For this project, the objective was to train an agent to navigate (and collect bananas!) in a large, square world.  A reward of +1 is provided for collecting a yellow banana, and a reward of -1 is provided for collecting a blue banana.  Thus, the goal of the agent is to collect as many yellow bananas as possible while avoiding blue bananas.  The approach was to use a deep neural network to help learn the optimal policy and thus the necessary actions given the environment to obtain as many yellow bananas and avoiding as many blue bananas as possible.  Please navigate to the `p1_navigation` directory where a `README.md` file is present to guide you through how to set up the environment and train your own DQN to do this task.  As a reference, a pre-trained DQN model is present if you want to start using the framework immediately.  The learning agent, model and the necessary Unity environment files to get the training and testing going are also present in the aforementioned directory.  In addition, the final report for the project can be found in this directory and is available in markdown form and PDF form as `Report.md` and `Report.pdf` respectively.